Doctor.Oh, hello.You.How are you?I am happy.You're happy, that's good. And how old are you?You are six years old, are you?Yes, let's go. So our lesson is.Magic animal house, OK?OK, OK, so look, Anton.What's this?It's a cat, wow, it's a cat.Is the cat good? What's this?It's a dog.It's a dog.What's this?It's a bird.It's a OK. So do you like this bird? And yes, you like it. OK, that's great. So let's go and.This time.Animals can move areow the cat on the farm says meow me ow me ow all day long the horse on the farm says hey neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh horse on the farm says neigh all day the cat on the farm says the cat on the farm says meow meow meow all day long the horse on the farm says hey neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh the horse on the.All right, now show.Follow me.Follow me.Okay.Very good. Let's go, you listen.This is.It's a cat, no four this.This is is a cat one time. Go this. This is a cat. OK, very good. So, do you like cats? Yes. Wow, say yes I do.Yes, I do. Do you have cats at home?You have a cat in your house.Where is your cap?You have a.It is a horse.Yes, can you say a four? This is a.Do you like horses?No, no, I don't. No, I don't. OK?Wack.It's a kite.I duck.This is a dog.Dog, duck.Duck. Yes, yes, very good. Do you like ducks?Yes, I really and.This.This is a.Dog.Mhm.Bird.But.To this is a dog.Okay, ready to go.This is a doll.Oh, I think you're using a different book, Anton, can you're enter a.And to reenter ac, okay.OK, OK.The.The.What?OK, what can you see, Anton?Kiss and doll.Mommy, call mommy where's mommy?Re-.Yes.Zero.The.Thank you.Very good. Give me five.The.Wow, how about the bird?How about the duck?And the horse?Good job.What's this?Yes.This is a duck.Um.It is a duck, duck, duck, duck.What's this?This is a cat.What this?This is a hole.Horse.Is can a cat do?The.You and anything.A.Can.Can climb. What are you doing?Go.Wow, what can a cat do?The.A head.I quit ten.Ten.Yes.How about this?Is hers?This is a very good. What can it do? Run a horse? Can run, run, run. A horse can run, run.As hot.Can run.A horse can run. A horse can run.Go.Can a do?How about this? What's this?It is a duck can do.Let's watch this swim, swim. A duck can swim.A duck can swim.Can swim. A duck can swim.A dog has.Goat.Wow, very good. Let's go and.What's this?This is a duck.This is a.A bird can fly. A bird can fly. A bird can fly.A bird can fly but fly.Go.What can of birds do?Yeah, so let's go and look, wow, this is a cat. A cat can climb. This is a horse. A horse can run. This is a duck. A duck can swim. This is a bird can fly.Um, OK. Listen and choose. Run.Run.Yes.Lime.Climb.Okay.Swim.Very good. Now look, Anthony M A cat can climb.Let her be.A horse can run.Let her see a duck can swim.D A bird can fly. So let's go and look and say, what's this?What?Up.And this.Is that yes, very good again, this is.Can do.All right, and what can a birds do?The.A bird.What's this?This is what can a cat do.Cash.Kiss.Lime.Nine again.Climb.Very good cat.Ken.Ten.Climb. Yes, OK. And what's this?This is a house can do.Run a horse.Plus can very good. Wow, and look, Anton, you've got one.Two.Three.Four and five, very good.Give me five.High five? OK, so in this lesson we learn sentences like.A horse and it.A duck.Swim.A brute.Fly. OK, so here's your trophy.One.Two.Three.Boy.And five trophies.Two.Boom. OK, so there you go. Great job for today. Please practice more and have more English lessons. Okay? Okay.